Our idea for the final project has been an interactive dog application where the player can interact with and pet the
dog as well as play minigames and do other activities to gain experience/currency that can be used to buy items
from the shop.

One question about our project which is uncertain is our use of threads. We have created at least two threads for the
movement of the dog and its sprite updating and we may add more in the future. However, IntelliJ raises a warning,
and we are unsure of how to avert this.

So far, our overall organization of the code and progress has been satisfactory. We are further ahead in our skeleton
code than previously expected, which enables us to add more complicated features and minigames in the later phases.

Andy:

Juntae: Contributed to the files DogManager, DogGamePresenter, DogGameController, Dog, Clickable, and Displayable. Helped with the CRC model. In phase 1 I plan on working on the game's economy system by implementing inventories for the player and the shop, the ability to purchase and sell items, genearting variable prices for items based on stock market API calls, etc.

Aria: Alongside pitching ideas for the CRC model and specification I managed to write the Sprite class with some help
from Andy. I also added the unit tests for most of the major classes that will be used. In the future, I will certainly
write at least one minigame of my own and I will also attempt to implement further graphical and sound features.

Fatimeh: I helped write the specification and contributed to the CRC cards, I also added all the CRC cards we designed
to the project on Github. I created an initial rough implementation of the Shop and ShopItem classes which I will continue
to work on in future phases as well. I also plan to contribute to the minigames we will implement, and create more classes
for items that can be bought from the Shop.

Jimin: I managed a DogMover class which continuously moves the dogs’ locations. To implement this class, I also added
some codes in Dog class and DogController, but a Dog class should only store the features of dogs so Andy helped to
modify codes correctly by removing the draw method in a Dog class and adding it to a DogManager class. I am looking
forward to contributing to Shop class and also to at least one minigame.

Praket: I contributed to some of the ideas put forth for the CRC cards along with ensuring that clean architecture was
being followed while we were writing out the CRC cards itself. I also created an initial implementation of the Coin and
Exp Calculator, which I plan to further improve. I also plan to further contribute to the minigames and the shop items.

